[Music]
20 angels that are useful even today
times are changing and we are to some
things in concerns however remain the
same for centuries how to get rid of a
splinter what should you do if you run
into a mad dog it turns out these
questions were answered for us a long
time ago
a century ago to be more precise where
would you expect to find those answers a
textbook no some trivia game nope all
that priceless information can be found
in packs of cigarettes in the 1910s
manufacturers began to add hard cards to
packs of cigarettes in the 1880s a few
years later someone got the cool idea to
print pictures of famous people pretty
girls and artwork on those cards
Gallagher limited of Belfast in London
in Ogden went further and released the
how-to series in the 1910s those useful
tips were available to anyone who bought
a pack of cigarettes
they were ingenious then and they still
are over a hundred years later here are
the twenty most useful life hacks from
the past you're going to love are you
ready to hear them and give us a thumbs
up and enjoy the video
[Music]
number twenty how to light a match in
the wind if you've ever gone camping or
trying to start a fire for a barbecue in
windy weather you know how angry you can
get when the match doesn't light here's
the trick try to kind of shape which
resembles a Christmas tree on the match
when you light its head the chips you
got will catch on fire
number 19 how to make a fire
extinguisher if you succeeded with that
match and it was a bit too much you're
going to need a fire extinguisher good
news is it is easy to make one all it
takes is one pound of salt and half a
pound of ammonia mix them with two
liters of water throw this mixture into
the fire there you go your fire has been
extinguished
number 18 how to fell a tree
[Music]
you never know what you might need
imagine someone asks you to fell a tree
for them to make some free space or
something or maybe you're going to need
wood for your fireplace desperately make
two identical wedges on both sides of
the tree pull the tree with the rope in
the direction where you want it to fall
[Music]
number 17
how to light a cigarette with ice now
that's a surprising one you at least of
all expect to light something with ice
but it is possible
put some potassium on the tip of the
cigarette and touch it with a piece of
ice there you go
this trick could be in a science show or
just very helpful if you don't have a
lighter number 16 how to check if your
bed linen is damn
we all know our bed linen should be
crisply drying otherwise it's not good
for your health to sleep on it to check
the danger level put a little mirror
between the sheets if in a few minutes
you can see it steam up even a little do
not sleep in this bed
[Music]
number 15 how to keep eggs fresh keep
your bed dry and your eggs fresh you
don't need a fridge or a special
container for this according to the
cards to keep the eggs fresh for a long
time
dip them in salt and put them in a dry
place liking the life hacks so far hit
the like button if you want to try any
of those or hear more coming up next how
to save a person from an electric shock
how to draw a perfect circle without a
compass and how to remove a splinter
[Music]
number fourteen how to water the plants
when you are far away from home you will
no longer have to worry about your
potted plants when you go on vacation
you can still take care of them by doing
the following fill a large container
with water and put it somewhere above
the plants take a woolen rope and put
one end into the container and the
second one into the pot your plants will
thank you when you come back home number
thirteen how to make a water filter how
to cards offer the solution for those
cases you want to make the water clean
and safe for drinking you can get the
purest water from a zinc bucket with a
hole at the bottom for draining put fine
sand coarse sand clean and spent gravel
and stones and layers on the bottom you
will get crystal-clear water pouring out
of that bucket
[Music]
number twelve how to make an ink bottle
holder you might say you don't use it
these days believe us it will work on
any liquid you don't want to spell cut a
snowflake shape in a square sheet of
paper bend off the petals you get and
place the container in there number 11
how to save a person who suffered from
an electric shock take care of your own
safety first put on dry gloves or take
any insulated object a piece of cloth
clothing etc and pull the poor victim by
his or her clothes congratulations you
are a hero
[Music]
number 10 how to move people who cannot
swim across the water
[Music]
tie one end of a solid rope to a tree
make one Scout swim across the river and
attach the other end to the tree on the
opposite side make a seat or something
like that and attach it to a loop that
can move freely along the rope using a
light cable Scouts will safely take
everyone who can't swim to the other
side of the river if you don't have any
scouts around you can try it out on
regular people you can't wait to try out
all the life hacks hold on more of them
are on the way number nine how to blow
out a brick in case you want to show
everyone how strong you are you can try
this one take a usual medium size
plastic bag put it on the table and put
a brick on it place the open end of the
bag in your mouth and start blowing into
it the result will remind blow sorry
brick blowing
[Music]
number eight how to draw a circle
without a compass sometimes we all need
to draw a circle and we rarely have a
pair of compasses on us there is a
solution take a piece of wire and twist
it around a pencil on one end sharpen
the other end of the wire to use it as
the point leg of a pair of compasses you
can bend the wire and adjust the pencil
to get any circle size you want number
seven
how to draw a pigeon without taking the
pencil off the paper in case you don't
have any artistic skills but still want
to draw a pigeon try this method in fact
you can try it even if you're a great
artist to see what it looks like when
you follow a pattern take a piece of
paper and a pencil and never take the
pencil off that piece of paper keep
drawing the infinity symbols as you see
in the card make it pretty
[Music]
keep going you're done your pigeon is a
piece of art number six how to hold pets
the right way
[Music]
if you're tired of painting a pigeon
hold it you don't have a pigeon as a pet
focus on your kitten or guinea pig the
card suggests to hold them using one
hand supporting the chest we made it to
our top five do you think you know how
to stop a mad dog and to remove a
splinter in that case like the video so
we can see how many of you super smart
people are out there number five how to
stop a mad dog
no one wants to run into a mad dog
rabies is definitely not what we want to
get right in case you were unlucky and
did run into that monster you can use a
scout staff a walking stick or even a
handkerchief or hat to protect yourself
as the card suggests put the selected
item on one end of the stick and hold it
between you and the dog it will give you
some time to protect yourself and
disable the dog by taking it number four
how to make boiled potatoes dry and
Flowery to cook potatoes like a chef add
a pinch of sugar not only salt when
boiling once they are boiled pour the
water away and put the saucepan back on
the stove for a short time
shake the potatoes to make them equally
dry YUM
[Music]
number three how to carry a heavy jug
you will never have to cry over spilled
milk again if you follow this tip hold
the jug straight and keep your thumb
inside when carrying it this will
prevent the weight from pulling the jug
down the card set number two how to
slice fresh bread we all love fresh
bread it smells like heaven and tastes
like perfection but it is almost
impossible to slice there is a way out
put the knife in boiling water for 10 to
15 seconds then take it out and slowly
slice the bread number 1 how to remove a
splinter
[Music]
finally the answer we've all been
waiting for
say goodbye to annoying splinters fill a
small bottle with hot water almost to
the brim and press it firmly against the
arm the water will slowly cool down and
suck up your skin after a while you will
be able to remove the Splinter
easily while these life hacks are
incredibly viable don't forget to use
some common sense before trying some of
them stay smart and be on the bright
side of life if you want us to share
more life hacks give us thumbs up and
subscribe to our channel not to miss new
videos
[Music]